# CS-230-Project
CS-230-T4256 Operating Platforms 21EW4

The project revolved around the company Creative Technology Solutions, and their client The Gaming Room, who brought about a unique challenge of developing a gaming application that would be hosted on multiple servers and allow users to join one of these servers/room to game. The software that was supposed to be designed by Creative Technology Solutions, was a program that would allow each player to join a single server and have it so that they could only join one and no other and each gaming room could perpetuate the clients’ data so that they can keep their progress. My document goes into detail on what the expectations and requirements would need to be to achieve this level of service based on system requirements. I think giving actual examples on different technologies that the company could use was done well considered my consulting role. While developing the documentation on different applications and hardware requirements I also worked on some of the backend code. Using the UML diagrams really helped me to get and understand the object-oriented structure of the program and helped me define and put the proper methods in the right place for the best functionality of the program. 
If I were to revise one part of the document it would be the UML diagram. I think that there could be an added component of Game Type that would be a subclass for game that could be used to identify more aspects of games such as how many players can join, or other components not yet thought of but could be added later. The client’s needs were determined by the constraints and goals the client wanted us to reach. It is always important to consider these needs, so you make the best possible application that also fits the client’s model as that is the main purpose of a developer, to help the world through their software engineering skills.
